hi I'm Brian at Shoreline music and the
guitar that I have today that I want to
show you is a Northwood mini jumbo this
specific one is an angle Minh spruce top
with mahogany back and sides gorgeous
piece
Northwood is an incredible guitar this
guitar is one of my most favorite
guitars that we've ever carried and the
reasons why are I guess first of all
we'll go to the neck the neck is an
absolute dream to me I think it is the
most incredibly built neck it's very
very comfortable it fits my hand and I
know it also fits people's hands that
are a little bit bigger than mine I know
that many people have come in here and
played this guitar and just felt that it
just it felt really really nice another
thing that's great about this guitar is
that it's built really light so it's
very responsive from a very light touch
one thing that it also does is that it
vibrates well that's what the lightness
brings to the guitar it vibrates and it
creates a lot of a lot of great sound
from from like I said just a light touch
it also is pretty amazing in the fact
that the bass end so the low end of this
guitar it rings really really well
really well it's very very balanced so
it almost feels like you have a bass
player right next to you
so I'm gonna play a little bit and and
show you what what I mean
so very easy to play very very amazing
guitar strumming this guitar is loud
it's a very very loud guitar but very
balanced great interplay between the
strings so it doesn't get it doesn't get
muddy and it doesn't sound like it's
overpowering in a sense it's very smooth
so also great sustain rings for a long
time all around fantastic guitar picking
guitar finger style you name it
great great guitar so this is the
Northwood mini jumbo